# Uhai-Bora-Web-and-android-application-for-connecting-mobile-doctors-with-patients-using-GPS-
A Project consisting of two android apps and web app. The two android apps are the doctor app and patient app.The web app is for the admin

Uhai Bora, web and android system for connecting patients and mobile doctors with GPS capability is a system that helps to improve healthcare by connecting patients with doctors who can travel to the patient’s location. Both the patients and the doctors have an application (android applications). The patients uses their application to request for a mobile doctor. A mobile doctor then travels to the location of the patient to treat them. The application utilizes GPS to help the users to see the current location of the other party. Uhai Bora also has an administrator system which has being implemented by use of a web application.
The documentation covers the analysis and design, implementation, coding and testing of the system. The system design also consists of three designs which are logical design, physical design and architectural design. The system therefore has been implemented in the modules namely: two android applications which are made to be used by patients and doctors and then a web application which is made to be used by the administrator of the system. The three modules (applications) share one central database. 
The system client requested that the applications be named “Salutare”. Therefore our project is “Uhai Bora”, but our applications are named Salutare Doctor, Salutare Patient and Salutare Admin.
The modules fetch or update their data to a real-time database which in our case we used firebase. The reason for using this real-time database because you can focus your time and attention on developing the best app(s) possible for your project. Since the operations and internal functions are so solid, and taken care of by the Firebase interface, you can spend more time developing the high quality app that users are going to want to use. Some of the firebase features are the cloud messaging which help to deliver and receive messages in a more reliable way across platforms. 
The Modules have been successfully been tested. We also conducted different types of this was to demonstrate the working functionality of the system, to assess the usability of the system, to assess the system’s accuracy and to check systems security of information. We also produced test cases accordingly. The tests included: performance, usability, portability, functionality, security, unit and integrations testing.
